Style Guide and Diataxis Review - Hornet I (#1315)
gohornet/hornet: documentation/docs/getting_started/getting_started.md

### Linux (and Raspberry Pi)

> Hornet on Linux can be installed using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Hornet on Linux using:
```

- [The hornet apt repository](https://wiki.iota.org/hornet/getting_started/hornet_apt_repository).
- [The docker image](https://wiki.iota.org/hornet/getting_started/using_docker).

> It can also be installed using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can build Hornet by following these instructions:
```

> Alternatively, you can buuld Hornet by following these instructions:

Reviewer 2: buuld

- [Prebuilt binary files](hornet_apt_repository.md#pre-built-binaries), or

> - [Built from the source](hornet_apt_repository.md#build-from-source).

Reviewer 2: The original is correct (build it from the source?).

### MacOS

> Hornet on MacOS can be installed using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Hornet on MacOS using:
```

- [The docker image](https://wiki.iota.org/hornet/getting_started/using_docker).

> It can also be installed using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can build Hornet by following these instructions:
```

- [Prebuilt binary files](https://wiki.iota.org/hornet/getting_started/using_docker#starting-an-existing-hornet).

### Windows

> Hornet on Windows can be installed using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Hornet on windows using:
```

- [The docker image](https://wiki.iota.org/hornet/getting_started/using_docker).

> It can also be installed using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can build Hornet by following these instructions:
```

- [Prebuilt binary files](hornet_apt_repository.md#pre-built-binaries).

## Configuration

> Hornet uses several JSON configuration files that can be adjusted based on your deployment and use cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hornet uses two JSON configuration files that you can tweak based on your deployment requirements:
```

Author: I added "several" as a cover in case there were more since the original doc was published👌
